So now we have actions,
our middleware as well as our reducers.
Let's go ahead and migrate our components over to our new React app.
So inside of our components folder we're going to create three new files.
We'll have Goals.js, List.js for our list component, and then Todos.js.
And so now, let's do our List component first.
So, I'm just going to copy this and paste it over inside,
not inside of Todos,
but inside of our List.js file,
and this is going to be the default export as we're used to with React components.
And then, because we are using jsx in this module,
we need to go ahead and import React.
Next, let's move over our Todos Component.
So, let's grab all of this both our Todos Component
as well as our connect invocation to connect our Todos Component.
So we'll paste that into here.
And then, now you'll notice that we are using
a few different action creators as well as connect that down here.
So we need to go ahead and import everything we need.
So first we will grab React from react,
then we want to grab connect from react-redux.
And then now, we want to grab all of the different action creators that we will be using,
so we'll have handeAddTodo as well as handleDeleteTodo, and handleToggle.
All of those are going to be coming from actions/todos.
So now, instead of creating a ConnectedTodos variable here,
what we can do is
just default as just export as the default export the invocation of connect.
So that way, whenever we import this Todos module,
what we're going to get back is our ConnectedTodos Component,
by using the connect function coming from react-redux.
And now we forgot that inside of our Todos Component,
when I say we, I mean I, we are also rendering List.
So we need to go ahead and import List as well.
And now, our Todos component is all finished.
So now, the last one we want to move over is our Goals Component.
So, let's go and grab that over here.
We will also grab the ConnectedGoals Component,
and then just as we did before,
we need to go ahead and import a few different things. So we need React.
We again need connect,
because we want to export the connected components.
And then finally, we need List,
and now finally because we need some action creators here,
handleAddGoal as well as handleDeleteGoal,
which are both going to be coming from action/goals.
So, now this looks good. The only other change we need to make is again,
we want to export our connect invocation as the default export.
And then now, inside of the app.js,
we need to go ahead and update this.
Let's bring this over as well.
So we will grab our connected app as well as our normal app component.
And then, we need to import a few different things here. We'll grab React.
We want to import ConnectedTodos coming from our Todos module.
We also want to grab ConnectedGoals coming from Goals.
We want to grab connect coming from react-redux,
and then the only action creator we need to grab is going to be handleInitialData,
which is going to come from actions/shared.
All right. So, now instead of doing this,
what we want to do is say export default connect.
And then now we're looking pretty good.
The only other code that we need to bring over is everything to do
with creating our store and adding that as a Provider when we call reactDOM.render.
So, that's what we'll be doing in the next video.